I am Abhishek nagarjuna. I am cool, easy going middle class boy with ambitious plans. Coming to my family, my father worked in cooperative department as private employee.

I love travelling. I like to explore new places. I like going on trips. 

Regarding my friends, I have friends with different personalities. Some are way different than me career wise. I like to have fun with my friends on occasions. 

I did my schooling in Siddartha Model High School in Hyderabad. I got 567 marks in tents. I am a school topper in Tenth. I have good friends from school and I like spending time with them even today. Some of my school friends are like my family too.

I was studious or obliged to be studious. LOL.I did well in my intermediate. I studied very hard and got a very good EAMCET Rank of 722.

I got admission to the University College of Engineering, Osmania University in Electronics and Communication Engineering. I was very enthusiastic while pursuing Engineering. I participated in many events and also had very good bonding with friends in Engineering. I received the "Best Student of 2010-2014 ECE Batch" award. I decided to work in  Data Science Field. I got equipped with the necessary technical knowledge accordingly. 

I love my work. I get fascinated by the projects he does and almost takes care of it as his baby. 

I currently work at Course5i, Bangalore.

If a very good offer interests me, I am even prepared to move out of Hyderabad to Bangalore, Chennai, etc for the sake of getting his dream job.

I have two younger brothers. I guide and mentor both of them at all points in their lives to make them better individuals. 

I like those who are independent and mature. I takes care of his family members with love and care. 

I am a broad-minded person. I am very patient. I understand people and can make friends with them in a very short time.

I expect my wife to be independent woman.

I am currently living with parents. I am planning to buy a new house either with my brother or independently based on the price and locality and the deal I get at the time of purchase.
